## 2022-Q2 Feedback Summary

### Would you recommend them for a more challenging task or role?

"I guess, Kirill knows (better than me) how, where and what to develop professionally. Personally, I would like to continue cooperation with him, it will improve my own growth."

"His technical background and outlook allow him to solve any problems. Apparently, **he does not want to stop there and wants to become an expert** in various fields"

"At this point it's hard for me to think of a situation Kirill couldn't handle. "

### Would you work with them in the future?

"Gets to the heart of the problem(s) quickly. Clearly and clearly explains their suggestions and concerns. Has **deep and extensive expertise in Postgres, Ansible, Linux**. I would like to continue fruitful and interesting cooperation."

"We have been working with Kirill on {redacted} and {redacted} projects for 2 months. During this time, Kirill help to write a playbook for deploying a HA cluster, helped to solve an issue with a slot, pointed out possible problems with indexes during migration to
{redacted}, and also helped to establish the cause of the error on the {redacted} project. He actively presented all his proposals, actively commenting, which allowed us to understand the essence of the problems. Thank you, Kirill"

"First of all, Kirill's expertise tells me that I could learn a lot from him. His involvement and **focus on results** suggests that he is a great team player."

### Collected reviews

Kirill is good at:
- Postgres DBA Linux OS (kernel, bash scripting, memory managment) Ansible scripting common computer science
- PostgreSQL expert
- Linux, Kafka, Network, Cloud, Databases

General comment:
- "I would like to mention that he is a reliable, talented person. Together we established the cause of the error on the
  {redacted} project, I believe that this is the person from whom I can learn a lot. The only thing I can add is that **he performs everything very fast**, but this is not always a plus, maybe sometimes he should pause and have a look around."
- "During our short time working together, Kirill showed himself as a person who is always ready to listen, to accept the facts, to make the right conclusions and, most importantly, to find a solution to not the simplest issue, which required a fairly **deep knowledge of how the network stack works in Linux** and how Kafka interacts with it. I also hear positive feedback from my colleagues about working with Data Lake. Kirill highlighted a number of issues and made suggestions for their elimination, as well as he made a number of suggestions to improve the functioning of the database."