## 2023-Q3 Feedbacks

### Shared overall opinion on Kirill

"Your assistance in migrating to the GCP has been incredibly helpful and practical. I truly appreciate that your guidance was not just theoretical, but also provided through MRs (Merge Requests). I would like to extend a special thank you for your support with the HealthCheckPolicy. Once again, thank you for your invaluable contribution!"

"Recently, I've been closely working with Kirill on technical documentation. His contributions have truly made a significant impact, and I believe it's important to acknowledge his great work. Kirill's in-depth knowledge of the subject matter was evident throughout the entire process. His understanding of the technical intricacies ensured the accuracy and completeness of the content. One of Kirill's outstanding strengths is his ability to communicate complex technical concepts in a clear and concise manner, which greatly facilitates the understanding of the material."

### Overall opinion on your cooperation with Kirill

He is a professional and can strong any team. As technical expert he can solve probably any task, what I would like to recommend - to start share his experience with other engineers in company and try yourself in Team Lead role or Mentor role. Kirill is strong engineer, but i believe his current position doesn't allow him to grow and develop further. Probably he is fine with current activities. But I do recommend to continue to grow in Advanced Engineering or Architecture.
